rm apps framework documentation (#7246)
mattermost/docs: source/about/mattermost-v10-changelog.md

Mattermost v10.0 is planned for September, 2024. Below is a list of planned breaking changes for this release:

1. **MySQL Databases** - We will no longer support new installations using MySQL starting in v10. All new customers and/or deployments will only be supported with the minimum supported version of the PostgreSQL database. End of support for MySQL is targeted for Mattermost v11.

> 2. **Apps Framework** - Apps framework will be deprecated in a future upcoming release. Please extend Mattermost using webhooks, slash commands, oAuth2 apps and plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Apps Framework** - Apps framework will be deprecated in the Mattermost v10 release. Please extend Mattermost using webhooks, slash commands, oAuth2 apps, and plugins.
```
